=ComboBox=

'''Version:''' 0.1.1

'''Author:''' Bryce Campbell

'''Copyright:''' 2021

'''License:''' See LICENSE

'''Description:''' Library that provides a ComboBox for SwiftUI

==Notes==

This library was tested on iOS 15 and macOS 12, but the minimum version of iOS needed is iOS 13 and macOS 11.

===Version History===

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1.1</dt>
<dd>
<p>change add button label to image, as recommended by aheze for the main UI of an app I use this library in.</p>
<p>Released April 2022</p>
</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1</dt>
<dd>
<p>Initial release.</p>
</dl>

===Importing===

Due to this package being meant for only iOS and macOS, importing via Swift Package Manager is <strong>not</strong> supported, though nothing stops you from trying.

Instead, use XCode to import the package into your project and link the framework to the necessary target(s).

===Creating a ComboBox===

Using this package, a ComboBox view can be creating by something as simple as this:

<pre>
ComboBox(choices: $choices, value: $selection)
</pre>

To allow the user to manipulate the possible choices, as well as keep track of the user's choice, both of which are Binding value types.

On iOS, this will function liker a Picker, 
which will direct you to a new view that allows filtering 
and adding items to the list.

On macOS, this will add an NSComboBox to the view, 
with case insensitive autocompletion and also adds custom values to the list
of selectable options, unlike the default implementation.

However, it is not possible to specify a number of visible items at this time.

This ability <strong>may</strong> come at a later date, 
as it will be easier to put in than the things I really wanted.

===Contributing===

If you would like to help make this library better by fixing bugs or adding features, feel free to fork this project and make a pull request.

===Support===

As this is the first SwiftUI library that I made and SwiftUI is still 
relatively new at this point, I will try to help out the best that I can, 
provided you give me enough details.

If you do need help, contact me at the following address:

tonyhawk2100@gmail.com
